arm I have a face the numbers shown just throughout my career the first
challenge was to balance family and home life with the your new career
that's a challenge in itself the neighbors very demanding and I
like to laugh and joke you know you know with my girlfriend and say
Hey you know you're the mistress going into this situation and the
navy's my wife so you know you have to give in where you fit in but
that's it's somewhat that somewhere that's true so you as the service
member you have to find that work life balance on the second challenge
I'm going through some challenges throughout you know some of my
training I was a flight school to try so I went to was commission
as a naval flight officers students initially so that was the the probably
the biggest challenge that I faced throughout my career one word
of one piece of advice I can say to anyone going through a similar
challenge would be to look at every opportunity as a learn a lesson
and think of the positives always have a positive attitude and always
having a can do attitude no matter what so those were probably
the two biggest challenges I face so far